There are set of empty tanks. Initially all the tanks are empty.
We have K taps numbered from 0 to K-1, arranged in a row from left to right.
Initially all the taps are turned off.

Our aim is to create a method to get a target tanks to be filled, such a way rollover the state of tap.

State 1: tap is ON
State 2: tap is OFF

Rollover operation is as follow:

Choose any tap (location i) of your current state.
Flip each tap from index i to n-1.
When any tap is rollover it means that if it is 0 it rollovers to 1 and if it is 1 it rollovers to 0.
Return the minimum number of rollovers required to form target tanks to be filled.

Input: target = "10111"
Output: 3

Explanation: Initial  "00000".

Rollover from third tap:  "00000" -> "00111"

Rollover from first tap:  "00111" -> "11000"

Rollover from second tap:  "11000" -> "10111"

We need at least 3 Rollover operations to form target.
Sridhar brought his latest Apple iPhone 12 pro.
He started his conversation with one of his friend on WhatsApp with list of words.
Now it’s our aim to write a method to return what are the most common words in the list of words
he used in sorted order based on occurrence from largest to smallest.

If any of words he used are having same occurrence then consider the smallest character order comes first 
Example 1:

input = the day is sunny the the the sunny is is
4
output =the is sunny day

Explanation: "the", "is", "sunny" and "day" are the four most frequent words,
with the number of occurrence being 4, 3, 2 and 1 respectively.


input = today is fine tomorrow is fine everyday is fine
3
output = fine is everyday


input = i love c i love java i love cpp i love python i love programming
5
output = i love c cpp java


Note:
You may assume k is always valid, 1 ≤ k ≤ number of unique elements.
Input words contain only lowercase letters.

Ramu is very much intrested in playing with strings 
some times he want to print all duplicate characters of the string and 
some times he want to print the distinct characters of the string 

Can you help him, solving the problem by the option selected by ramu

if option  1 is choosen print distinct characters 
if option  2 is choosen print duplicate characters.

the order of characters printing in the output should be the order they occur in the string 

if the string doen't contain duplicate characters and option choosen is 2 print -1 


input = hello
1
output = helo

input = datascience
1
output = datscien

input = abcabd
2
output = ab

input = abcd
2
output = -1
